[IOP] Logging parameters are made configurable (#1785)
cloudfoundry/service-fabrik-broker: docs/Interoperator.md

      value: 30
      periodSeconds: 30
```

## Logging  

### Interoperator

> In interoperator we are using `zap` (i.e. sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/log/zap ) plugin for logging. The log level, stacktrace level and output format can be changed/configured from values.yal file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In interoperator we are using`zap` (i.e. sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/log/zap) plugin for logging. The log level, stacktrace level and output format can be changed/configured from [values.yaml](helm-charts/interoperator/values.yaml).
```
Minor typo correction

> * values.interoperator.log_level : To set log level. Allowed values are 'info', 'error', 'debug' or any integer value > 0 (i.e. 1 or 2 or 3). Default value is 'info'.  
> * values.interoperator.log_output_format : Log Output format or Encoder. Allowed values are 'json' or 'console'. Default value is 'json'.  
> * values.interoperator.log_stacktrace_level : Allowed values are 'info', 'error' or 'panic'. Default value is 'error'.   
> 
> ### Broker  
> 
> For Broker we can change log level from values.yaml file.  
> * values.broker.log_level: Allowed values are 'info', 'error' or 'debug'. Default value is info.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* values.interoperator.log_level: To set log level. Allowed values are `info`, `error`, `debug` or any integer value > 0 (i.e. 1 or 2 or 3). Default value is `info`.  
* values.interoperator.log_output_format: Log Output format or Encoder. Allowed values are `json` or `console`. Default value is `json`.  
* values.interoperator.log_stacktrace_level: Allowed values are `info`, `error` or `panic`. Default value is `error`.   

### Broker  

For Broker we can change log level from values.yaml file.  
* values.broker.log_level: Allowed values are `info`, `error` or `debug`. Default value is `info`. 
```
I feel like using back ticks for nicer formatting 😄
